# FRONTEND ENGINEER INTERVIEW
### (DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!)

Hi and thank you for considering the open frontend engineering role advertised. This is an overview of the interview tasks.

For this interview, please recreate the screens shown in the Figma link below into a webapp.
https://www.figma.com/design/jO3aaqja0u6K04yoTTbQto/Interview-Design?node-id=0-1&m=dev

Note that you are free to use any ReactJS based framework, CSS library and/or UI library. However, **your code MUST be in TypeScript**.

This interview will be judged on the following:

- **EXACTNESS**: You score the most when the webapp you build looks as close as possible to the Figma design. This means your webapp should match color, font style, positioning and characteristics of the design
- **RESPONSIVENESS**: This is very very important in this assessment. The webapp should always adjust to the type of screen it is being viewed on. To help with this, a mobile view of the app is also added so you know what is expected when the webapp is viewed on smaller screens
- **CODE STRUCTRUE**: For this, the structure of how your code is laid out is key. Evaluation will be done on folder structure, component reusability, hooks management, etc
- **DATA MOCKING**: The data in the `My Color List` ideally will come from an endpoint in practice. However, this role requires that lack of endpoints do not affect completion of screens. As such, you will need to mock the data you will use for the `My Color List`. Feel free to shape the data you mock in whatever way. However, ensure that the interface for a Color is well defined and used properly.


Kindly complete this within 3 days and if there is need for an extension, please communicate it appropriately.

Thank you and Happy Coding!!
